0.
Angular is SPA , it has comps, moules
Angular is an open-source, JavaScript framework written in TypeScript
 Google maintains it, and its primary purpose is to develop 
 single-page applications. As a framework, Angular has clear 
 advantages while also providing a standard structure for developers
  to work with.


1.Single Page Applications are web applications that load a single
 HTML page and only a part of the page instead of the entire page
  gets updated with every click of the mouse. The page does not 
  reload or transfer control to another page during the process.
   This ensures high performance and loading pages faster. it loads 
and switches out visual componenets and elements on the single page

2. how to create ang elements.... ng g c, ng g m, ng g s, ng g d,

3. module is... n Angular, a module is a mechanism to group
 components, directives, pipes and services that are related, in 
 such a way that can be combined with other modules to create an
  application. An Angular application can be thought of as a puzzle 
  where each piece (or each module) is needed to be able to see the 
  full picture.

  compoonent is....Angular components are a subset of directives,
   always associated with a template. Unlike other directives, only
    one component can be instantiated for a given element in a 
    template. A component must belong to an NgModule in order for it
     to be available to another component or application.

Pipes are simple functions to use in template expressions to accept 
an input value and return a transformed value. Pipes are useful 
because you can use them throughout your application, while only
 declaring each pipe once.

What is meant by directives in Angular? Directives are classes that
 add new behavior or modify the existing behavior to the elements in
  the template. Basically directives are used to manipulate the DOM,
   for example adding/removing the element from DOM or changing the
    appearance of the DOM elements.

What Are Angular Services? Angular services are objects that get
 instantiated just once during the lifetime of an application. They 
 contain methods that maintain data throughout the life of an
  application, i.e., data is available all the time.


  4.Lifecycle hooks are a special functionality in Angular that allow us
 to “hook into” and run code at a specific lifecycle event of a 
 component or directive. Angular manages components and directives 
 for us when it creates them, updates them, or destroys them.

OnChanges	Called when the input properties have changed
OnInit	Called on initialization
DoCheck	Developer’s custom change detection
OnDestroy	Called before the component is destroyed
AfterContentInit	Called when the component’s content ngContent is initialized
AfterContentChecked	Called when the component’s content is updated or checked for updates
AfterViewInit	Called when the component’s projected view has been initialized
AfterViewChecked	Called after the projected view has been checked


5. Parent to Child , -> []  input..
 Child to Parent, ->   ()   output.... 
 Unrelated Components/Siblings -> service

